Add readmes to notebooks (#184)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/206-vision-paddlegan-anime/README.md

> # Photo to Anime with PaddleGAN tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Photo to Anime with PaddleGAN Tutorial
```

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/HEAD?filepath=notebooks%2F206-vision-paddlegan-anime%2F206-vision-paddlegan-anime.ipynb)

![anime coco](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15709723/123559130-04550100-d74f-11eb-819c-a02284654428.jpg)

This notebook demonstrates converting a [PaddlePaddle/PaddleGAN](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleGAN) AnimeGAN model to OpenVINO's Intermediate Representation (IR) format, and shows inference results on the PaddleGAN and IR models.

> ## Content table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Notebook Contents
```

> In this example AnimeGAN model will be used. For further details see [PaddleGAN's AnimeGAN documentation](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleGAN/blob/develop/docs/en_US/tutorials/animegan.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This notebook uses the AnimeGAN model provided by [PaddlePaddle](https://www.paddlepaddle.org.cn/). For more details see [PaddleGAN's AnimeGAN documentation](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleGAN/blob/develop/docs/en_US/tutorials/animegan.md)
```
